DCCLIP-695: Optional analytics/support ConfigMap (#721)
atlassian/data-center-helm-charts: docs/docs/userguide/CONFIGURATION.md

  additionalCertificates:
     secretName: dev-certificates
     customCmd: keytool -import ...
```

## :material-home-analytics: Atlassian Support and Analytics

Starting from 1.16.7 Helm chart version, an additional optional ConfigMap is created and mounted into `/opt/atlassian/helm` in the containers. This ConfigMap has 2 keys: `values.yaml` and `analytics.json` that are picked up by the [Atlassian Troubleshooting and Support Tools (ATST)](https://confluence.atlassian.com/support/troubleshooting-and-support-tools-790796813.html){.external} plugin. To disable either of the keys or the entire ConfigMap, set enabled to `false` in the following Helm values stanza:

```yaml
atlassianAnalyticsAndSupport:
  analytics:
    enabled: true
  helmValues:
    enabled: true
```

> Helm values are mounted to be included to the [support.zip](https://confluence.atlassian.com/support/create-a-support-zip-790796819.html){.external}. The values file is sanitized both on the Helm chart side (any `additionalEnvironmentVariables` and `additionalJvmArgs` that can potentially contain sensitive information are redacted) and ATST plugin that will redact hostnames, URLs, AWS ARNs and senssitive environment vartiables and JVM flags, if any. If the file is found at `/opt/atlassian/helm/values.yaml` you will see an option to include it to the support.zip when generating one in admin UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm values are mounted to be included to the [support.zip](https://confluence.atlassian.com/support/create-a-support-zip-790796819.html){.external}. The values file is sanitized both on the Helm chart side (any `additionalEnvironmentVariables` and `additionalJvmArgs` that can potentially contain sensitive information are redacted) and ATST plugin that will redact hostnames, URLs, AWS ARNs and sensitive environment variables and JVM flags, if any. If the file is found at `/opt/atlassian/helm/values.yaml` you will see an option to include it to the support.zip when generating one in admin UI.
```
